Action Movie: The Series: The Video Game

Christy Sham 
Francisco Canas

A game design and development deathmatch submission for the GMD 2013 
event at the University of Toronto's Game Design and Development Club.

ABSTRACT:
If Shaft, V.I. Warshawski, and Magnum P.I. had a threesome (the movies and tv show I mean, not the people, although that'd be awesome too!), and if this threesome resulted in a badass love child that was a video game, it would be Action Movie: The Series (the video game). Action Movie is based loosely on youtube's The Worst Movie Death Scene ever, and highly influenced by the best and worst of 70s action B-movies and 80s action tv series. 

Action Movie has everything: Gunfights, chase scenes, explosions, midgets, disco dancing, The President, all you can eat Tacos, and more.

So strap yourself in, turn up the volume on your shitty laptop speakers, and get ready for Action. Action Movie, that is!

CONTROLS:
During Play:
Crispy moves with w,a,s,d and shoots with f.
McGuff moves with o,k,l,; and shoots with j.

During Cutscenes:
f and j advance the dialogue.
Enter skips the cutscene.

Esc always returns you to the main menu, and quits if already there.



TECHNICAL:
Action Movie was made using the Love2d game making framework.
Programmed in LUA by Christie and Francisco
All music by Francisco
All graphics by Christie (except as noted below)

The following love2d libraries are used by permission under the MIT License: 
(Terms of use specified under LICENSE file)
anim8 by Enrique García Cota: https://github.com/kikito/anim8
HUMP by Matthias Richter: http://vrld.github.com/hump/
Advanced Tile Loader by Kadoba: https://github.com/Kadoba
Jumper by Yonaba: https://github.com/Yonaba

List of Creative Common / Open Source assets used:
Murderballer #2 sprite by Adrian Paulozza (from Murderball 2013 by Francisco Canas and Adrian Paulozza)

All sound effects used from www.freesound.org:
Gunshot1: Gunshot3.mp3 by tcawte	
Gunshot2: Gunshot.wav by erkanozan
Gunshot3: Gunshot.wav by KwazieProduksuns
Screams by Syna-Max


